I think the Navy is pretty unique because, unlike other other branches,
for instance, I'm thinking of the Army, the Marines and Air Force.
I'm not very familiar with them, but from what I've kind of seen is,
I'm thinking of Let's say, March Air Force Base. I see lots of buildings
all around, and I'm assuming that there's a floor for a department
and there's, Ah, third floor for another department, and I bet
that they don't interact as much. And I bet that that building that
squadron doesn't interact as much with the squadron to squadron to
the right. Compare that with the Navy when you take all of those buildings
and all of those floors and stack them on top of each other.
And now you have an aircraft carrier which has electrical division,
mechanical division, the cooks, the boatswain's mates, and you always
hear what everyone's doing all the time. This is the one EMC we'd
like to think electrical division for fixing the mass. This is, uh,
we'd like to thank the cooks for providing a good meal to everyone.
We'd like to thank the boatswain's mates for guiding us through this
treacherous territory. Um, we're all in this. We're all doing general
quarters together. That means everyone has, um, firefighting pack
on. And we're all seeing each other, talking to each other, seeing
each other in the hallways, playing cards with each other during during
galley mills. Um, you have a lot more interaction with the whole
entire structure rather than being so split up. So I think that that
navy it builds it builds community within your work center within
your department within the entire ship. And I don't think that other
military branches have that as much.